#### Global Search
- Now, from awesome bar, you can search all the documents related to a specific keyword.
- For example, you can get all Quotations, Sales Orders and Sales Invoices related to a Customer, by searching with customer's email address / mobile no.

#### Kanban View
- Kanban Board allows you to identify a field based on which documents will be categorised and viewed together.
- From the board itself, you can update the status of teh document, comment on it or assign it someone.

#### Document Versioning
- Now the system maintains all the changes of a document with the information of user and timestamp.

#### Delete and Restore
- In version 8, all the deleted documents are stored in the "Deleted Documents" table, which can be restored later
- To permanently delete a record, you need to delete it from "Deleted Documents".

#### Email Inbox
- We have introduced an Inbox View for all the communications. 
- It has all the basic functionalities of an Email Client like Inbox, Sent Mails, Trash and Spam folders, Contact list, Read/Unread, forwarding of an email etc.
- Issue, Lead and Opportunity can be created directly from the Communication.

#### Custom Permissions
- Now, all the customised permissions are stored separately in a Custom DocPerm table.

#### Permissions for Reports and Page
- Report and Page have it's own dedicated permission table now, it's no more dependent on the reference Doctype for permissions.
- There is a page "Role Permission for Page and Report", from where you will be able to customize the permissions for reports and pages.

#### Newsletter Enhancements
- In the new version, newsletter can be sent to multiple email groups.
- You will also be able to send the attachments with the newsletter.
- Unsubscribe link is optional now

#### New Calendar and Date Picker
- Get a more crisp view of calendar and events.
- Date picker also has been updated in the version.

#### Summernote Text Editor
- We have also integrated Summernote text editor in the ERPNext. It has many tools to create better texts.

#### Export report in Excel format
- Reports can now also be exported in Excel format.
